SECURITY.md, before:

# Security Policy

* [Supported Software](#supported-software)
  * [Supported Versions](#supported-versions)
* [Unsupported Repositories](#unsupported-repositories)
  * [Forks](#forks)
  * [Demo repositories](#demo-repositories)
* [Security Notices](#security-notices)
* [Reporting a Vulnerability](#reporting-a-vulnerability)

## Supported Software

Not all repositories owned by this organization are supported software.
This especially includes [forks](#forks) and [demos](#demo-repositories).

### Supported Versions

In general, this is the matrix of supported versions for supported repositories (excluding any [forks](#forks)):

| Version          | Supported          |
| ---------------- | ------------------ |
| `main`           | :white_check_mark: |
| _latest release_ | :white_check_mark: |
| `prerelease`     | :speech_balloon:   |
| `*`              | :x:                |

## Unsupported Repositories

### Demo repositories

This includes:
* [example](https://github.com/orgs/check-spelling/repositories?q=example&type=source) repositories
* [test](https://github.com/orgs/check-spelling/repositories?q=test&type=source) repositories
* repositories named for other vendors (typically to demonstrate/test check-spelling against their software)

## Security Notices

Accepted vulnerabilities will be issued a [GHSA](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/repository-security-advisories/about-github-security-advisories-for-repositories)
and possibly a [CVE](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/repository-security-advisories/about-github-security-advisories-for-repositories#cve-identification-numbers).

## Reporting a Vulnerability

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Reports may be sent to:
* [:email: security@check-spelling.dev](mailto:security@check-spelling.dev)
* [:bird: @\_check_spelling](https://twitter.com/_check_spelling)
* [:elephant: @checkspelling](https://fosstodon.org/@checkspelling)

Commit message:

Clarify security policy is for the check-spelling organization

SECURITY.md, after:

# [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/check-spelling/art/main/logo/spell-check.png" width=24 alt="check-spelling logo"> check-spelling organization](https://github.com/check-spelling/) Security Policy

* [Supported Software](#supported-software)
  * [Supported Versions](#supported-versions)
* [Unsupported Repositories](#unsupported-repositories)
  * [Forks](#forks)
  * [Demo repositories](#demo-repositories)
* [Security Notices](#security-notices)
* [Reporting a Vulnerability](#reporting-a-vulnerability)

## Supported Software

Most repositories owned by [this organization](../../../) are [not supported software](#unsupported-repositories).
Especially [demos](#demo-repositories).

Potentially supported repositories are limited to a subset of [source repositories](https://github.com/orgs/check-spelling/repositories?q=&type=source) (again, excluding [demos](#demo-repositories)).

### Supported Versions

In general, this is the matrix of supported versions for supported repositories (excluding any [forks](#forks)):

| Version          | Supported          |
| ---------------- | ------------------ |
| `main`           | :white_check_mark: |
| _latest release_ | :white_check_mark: |
| `prerelease`     | :speech_balloon:   |
| `*`              | :x:                |

## Unsupported Repositories

### Demo repositories

This includes:
* [example](https://github.com/orgs/check-spelling/repositories?q=example&type=source) repositories
* [test](https://github.com/orgs/check-spelling/repositories?q=test&type=source) repositories
* repositories named for other vendors (typically to demonstrate/test check-spelling against their software)

## Security Notices

Accepted vulnerabilities will be issued a [GHSA](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/repository-security-advisories/about-github-security-advisories-for-repositories)
and possibly a [CVE](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/repository-security-advisories/about-github-security-advisories-for-repositories#cve-identification-numbers).

## Reporting a Vulnerability

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Reports may be sent to:
* [:email: security@check-spelling.dev](mailto:security@check-spelling.dev)
* [:bird: @\_check_spelling](https://twitter.com/_check_spelling)
* [:elephant: @checkspelling](https://fosstodon.org/@checkspelling)
