profile/README.md, before:

# [![check-spelling logo](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/61040283?s=30&u=236624f0c93fb22d373f37f1bf2e5c05166a972d&v=4) check-spelling action](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling)

The [check-spelling github action](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling) enables you to check a repository for typos and prevent future typos from being added.

For more information, visit [🌏 check-spelling.dev](https://www.check-spelling.dev/).

# [:book: spell-check-this](https://github.com/check-spelling/spell-check-this)

The [spell-check-this template repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/spell-check-this) includes the basic configuration to use the [check-spelling github action](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling).
This enables you to get started easily, just drop the repository contents into your repository and adjust settings as necessary. 

# [🍴 checkout-merge action](https://github.com/check-spelling/checkout-merge)

The [checkout-merge github action](https://github.com/check-spelling/checkout-merge) is a helper action to for repositories that receive pull requests and need to validate the potential merge result of the pull request.

This action works around bugs in GitHub's current method of maintaining a `refs/pulls/X/merge`. One such bug involves GitHub serving a stale merge if the current branch isn't mergable.

It also offers a friendlier user experience for when there isn't a merge available because of merge conflicts.

# Other organization specific repositories

## [🌈 art repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/art)

This contains organization art.

## [🌏 check-spelling-action repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling-action)

This contains the content for the [check-spelling.dev website](https://www.check-spelling.dev/).

## [🐙 .github repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/.github)

Mostly the content you're reading now.

This repository may eventually gain [organization template content](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/creating-a-default-community-health-file).

# Other repositories

Any other repository you see here is probably being used to test the check-spelling action. They may be deleted at any time or replaced by cleaner versions.

Commit message:

Mention cspell-dicts and images

profile/README.md, after:

# [![check-spelling logo](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/61040283?s=30&u=236624f0c93fb22d373f37f1bf2e5c05166a972d&v=4) check-spelling action](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling)

The [check-spelling github action](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling) enables you to check a repository for typos and prevent future typos from being added.

For more information, visit [🌏 check-spelling.dev](https://www.check-spelling.dev/).

# [:book: spell-check-this](https://github.com/check-spelling/spell-check-this)

The [spell-check-this template repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/spell-check-this) includes the basic configuration to use the [check-spelling github action](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling).
This enables you to get started easily, just drop the repository contents into your repository and adjust settings as necessary. 

# [🍴 checkout-merge action](https://github.com/check-spelling/checkout-merge)

The [checkout-merge github action](https://github.com/check-spelling/checkout-merge) is a helper action to for repositories that receive pull requests and need to validate the potential merge result of the pull request.

This action works around bugs in GitHub's current method of maintaining a `refs/pulls/X/merge`. One such bug involves GitHub serving a stale merge if the current branch isn't mergable.

It also offers a friendlier user experience for when there isn't a merge available because of merge conflicts.

# Other organization specific repositories

## [🌈 art repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/art)

This contains organization art.

## [🌏 check-spelling-action repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/check-spelling-action)

This contains the content for the [check-spelling.dev website](https://www.check-spelling.dev/).

## [📚 cspell-dicts](https://github.com/check-spelling/cspell-dicts)

This contains the supplemental dictionaries used by check-spelling.

## [🖼️ images](https://github.com/check-spelling/images)

This contains images used by the wiki / documentation.

## [🐙 .github repository](https://github.com/check-spelling/.github)

Mostly the content you're reading now.

This repository may eventually gain [organization template content](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/creating-a-default-community-health-file).

# Other repositories

Any other repository you see here is probably being used to test the check-spelling action. They may be deleted at any time or replaced by cleaner versions.
